## `ERC1400`



ERC1400 logic

### `isIssuableToken()`



Modifier to verify if token is issuable.

### `isNotMigratedToken()`



Modifier to make a function callable only when the contract is not migrated.

### `onlyMinter()`



Modifier to verifiy if sender is a minter.


### `constructor(string name, string symbol, uint256 granularity, address[] controllers, bytes32[] defaultPartitions)` (public)



Initialize ERC1400 + register the contract implementation in ERC1820Registry.


### `totalSupply() → uint256` (external)



Get the total number of issued tokens.


### `balanceOf(address tokenHolder) → uint256` (external)



Get the balance of the account with address 'tokenHolder'.


### `transfer(address to, uint256 value) → bool` (external)



Transfer token for a specified address.


### `allowance(address owner, address spender) → uint256` (external)



Check the value of tokens that an owner allowed to a spender.


### `approve(address spender, uint256 value) → bool` (external)



Approve the passed address to spend the specified amount of tokens on behalf of 'msg.sender'.


### `transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 value) → bool` (external)



Transfer tokens from one address to another.


### `getDocument(bytes32 name) → string, bytes32, uint256` (external)



Access a document associated with the token.


### `setDocument(bytes32 name, string uri, bytes32 documentHash)` (external)



Associate a document with the token.


### `removeDocument(bytes32 _name)` (external)





### `getAllDocuments() → bytes32[]` (external)





### `balanceOfByPartition(bytes32 partition, address tokenHolder) → uint256` (external)



Get balance of a tokenholder for a specific partition.


### `partitionsOf(address tokenHolder) → bytes32[]` (external)



Get partitions index of a tokenholder.


### `transferWithData(address to, uint256 value, bytes data)` (external)



Transfer the amount of tokens from the address 'msg.sender' to the address 'to'.


### `transferFromWithData(address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data)` (external)



Transfer the amount of tokens on behalf of the address 'from' to the address 'to'.


### `transferByPartition(bytes32 partition, address to, uint256 value, bytes data) → bytes32` (external)



Transfer tokens from a specific partition.


### `operatorTransferByPartition(bytes32 partition, address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data, bytes operatorData) → bytes32` (external)



Transfer tokens from a specific partition through an operator.


### `isControllable() → bool` (external)



Know if the token can be controlled by operators.
If a token returns 'false' for 'isControllable()'' then it MUST always return 'false' in the future.


### `authorizeOperator(address operator)` (external)



Set a third party operator address as an operator of 'msg.sender' to transfer
and redeem tokens on its behalf.


### `revokeOperator(address operator)` (external)



Remove the right of the operator address to be an operator for 'msg.sender'
and to transfer and redeem tokens on its behalf.


### `authorizeOperatorByPartition(bytes32 partition, address operator)` (external)



Set 'operator' as an operator for 'msg.sender' for a given partition.


### `revokeOperatorByPartition(bytes32 partition, address operator)` (external)



Remove the right of the operator address to be an operator on a given
partition for 'msg.sender' and to transfer and redeem tokens on its behalf.


### `isOperator(address operator, address tokenHolder) → bool` (external)



Indicate whether the operator address is an operator of the tokenHolder address.


### `isOperatorForPartition(bytes32 partition, address operator, address tokenHolder) → bool` (external)



Indicate whether the operator address is an operator of the tokenHolder
address for the given partition.


### `isIssuable() → bool` (external)



Know if new tokens can be issued in the future.


### `issue(address tokenHolder, uint256 value, bytes data)` (external)



Issue tokens from default partition.


### `issueByPartition(bytes32 partition, address tokenHolder, uint256 value, bytes data)` (external)



Issue tokens from a specific partition.


### `redeem(uint256 value, bytes data)` (external)



Redeem the amount of tokens from the address 'msg.sender'.


### `redeemFrom(address from, uint256 value, bytes data)` (external)



Redeem the amount of tokens on behalf of the address from.


### `redeemByPartition(bytes32 partition, uint256 value, bytes data)` (external)



Redeem tokens of a specific partition.


### `operatorRedeemByPartition(bytes32 partition, address tokenHolder, uint256 value, bytes operatorData)` (external)



Redeem tokens of a specific partition.


### `name() → string` (external)



Get the name of the token, e.g., "MyToken".


### `symbol() → string` (external)



Get the symbol of the token, e.g., "MYT".


### `decimals() → uint8` (external)



Get the number of decimals of the token.


### `granularity() → uint256` (external)

/**


Get the smallest part of the token that’s not divisible.


### `totalPartitions() → bytes32[]` (external)




Get list of existing partitions.


### `totalSupplyByPartition(bytes32 partition) → uint256` (external)




Get the total number of issued tokens for a given partition.


### `renounceControl()` (external)




Definitely renounce the possibility to control tokens on behalf of tokenHolders.
Once set to false, '_isControllable' can never be set to 'true' again.
/

### `renounceIssuance()` (external)




Definitely renounce the possibility to issue new tokens.
Once set to false, '_isIssuable' can never be set to 'true' again.
/

### `controllers() → address[]` (external)




Get the list of controllers as defined by the token contract.


### `controllersByPartition(bytes32 partition) → address[]` (external)




Get controllers for a given partition.


### `setControllers(address[] operators)` (external)




Set list of token controllers.


### `setPartitionControllers(bytes32 partition, address[] operators)` (external)




Set list of token partition controllers.


### `getDefaultPartitions() → bytes32[]` (external)




Get default partitions to transfer from.
Function used for ERC20 retrocompatibility.
For example, a security token may return the bytes32("unrestricted").


### `setDefaultPartitions(bytes32[] partitions)` (external)




Set default partitions to transfer from.
Function used for ERC20 retrocompatibility.


### `allowanceByPartition(bytes32 partition, address owner, address spender) → uint256` (external)




Check the value of tokens that an owner allowed to a spender.


### `approveByPartition(bytes32 partition, address spender, uint256 value) → bool` (external)




Approve the passed address to spend the specified amount of tokens on behalf of 'msg.sender'.


### `setTokenExtension(address extension, string interfaceLabel, bool removeOldExtensionRoles, bool addMinterRoleForExtension, bool addControllerRoleForExtension)` (external)




Set token extension contract address.
The extension contract can for example verify "ERC1400TokensValidator" or "ERC1400TokensChecker" interfaces.
If the extension is an "ERC1400TokensValidator", it will be called everytime a transfer is executed.


### `migrate(address newContractAddress, bool definitive)` (external)




Migrate contract.

===> CAUTION: DEFINITIVE ACTION

This function shall be called once a new version of the smart contract has been created.
Once this function is called:
 - The address of the new smart contract is set in ERC1820 registry
 - If the choice is definitive, the current smart contract is turned off and can never be used again



### `_transferWithData(address from, address to, uint256 value)` (internal)




Perform the transfer of tokens.


### `_transferByPartition(bytes32 fromPartition, address operator, address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data, bytes operatorData) → bytes32` (internal)




Transfer tokens from a specific partition.


### `_transferByDefaultPartitions(address operator, address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data)` (internal)




Transfer tokens from default partitions.
Function used for ERC20 retrocompatibility.


### `_getDestinationPartition(bytes32 fromPartition, bytes data) → bytes32 toPartition` (internal)




Retrieve the destination partition from the 'data' field.
By convention, a partition change is requested ONLY when 'data' starts
with the flag: 0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
When the flag is detected, the destination tranche is extracted from the
32 bytes following the flag.


### `_removeTokenFromPartition(address from, bytes32 partition, uint256 value)` (internal)




Remove a token from a specific partition.


### `_addTokenToPartition(address to, bytes32 partition, uint256 value)` (internal)




Add a token to a specific partition.


### `_isMultiple(uint256 value) → bool` (internal)




Check if 'value' is multiple of the granularity.


### `_callSenderExtension(bytes32 partition, address operator, address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data, bytes operatorData)` (internal)




Check for 'ERC1400TokensSender' user extension in ERC1820 registry and call it.


### `_callTokenExtension(bytes32 partition, address operator, address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data, bytes operatorData)` (internal)




Check for 'ERC1400TokensValidator' token extension in ERC1820 registry and call it.


### `_callRecipientExtension(bytes32 partition, address operator, address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data, bytes operatorData)` (internal)




Check for 'ERC1400TokensRecipient' user extension in ERC1820 registry and call it.


### `_isOperator(address operator, address tokenHolder) → bool` (internal)




Indicate whether the operator address is an operator of the tokenHolder address.


### `_isOperatorForPartition(bytes32 partition, address operator, address tokenHolder) → bool` (internal)




Indicate whether the operator address is an operator of the tokenHolder
address for the given partition.


### `_issue(address operator, address to, uint256 value, bytes data)` (internal)




Perform the issuance of tokens.


### `_issueByPartition(bytes32 toPartition, address operator, address to, uint256 value, bytes data)` (internal)




Issue tokens from a specific partition.


### `_redeem(address operator, address from, uint256 value, bytes data)` (internal)




Perform the token redemption.


### `_redeemByPartition(bytes32 fromPartition, address operator, address from, uint256 value, bytes data, bytes operatorData)` (internal)




Redeem tokens of a specific partition.


### `_redeemByDefaultPartitions(address operator, address from, uint256 value, bytes data)` (internal)




Redeem tokens from a default partitions.


### `_canTransfer(bytes payload, bytes32 partition, address operator, address from, address to, uint256 value, bytes data, bytes operatorData) → bytes1, bytes32, bytes32` (internal)




Know the reason on success or failure based on the EIP-1066 application-specific status codes.


### `_setControllers(address[] operators)` (internal)




Set list of token controllers.


### `_setPartitionControllers(bytes32 partition, address[] operators)` (internal)




Set list of token partition controllers.


### `_setTokenExtension(address extension, string interfaceLabel, bool removeOldExtensionRoles, bool addMinterRoleForExtension, bool addControllerRoleForExtension)` (internal)




Set token extension contract address.
The extension contract can for example verify "ERC1400TokensValidator" or "ERC1400TokensChecker" interfaces.
If the extension is an "ERC1400TokensValidator", it will be called everytime a transfer is executed.


### `_migrate(address newContractAddress, bool definitive)` (internal)




Migrate contract.

===> CAUTION: DEFINITIVE ACTION

This function shall be called once a new version of the smart contract has been created.
Once this function is called:
 - The address of the new smart contract is set in ERC1820 registry
 - If the choice is definitive, the current smart contract is turned off and can never be used again



### `domainName() → string` (public)





### `domainVersion() → string` (public)






### `ApprovalByPartition(bytes32 partition, address owner, address spender, uint256 value)`






### `Doc`


string docURI


bytes32 docHash


uint256 timestamp



